	The experience of syncope is one of Life’s few events that cannot be fully abstracted. When presented the task people take two routes. Some will resort to oversimplification, as if almost dismissing the topic. Others will hide behind images of feelings, knowing that fully describing the experience would be accepting a drudging commitment of fully expressing endless details on the subject.
	
	There is more to Syncope the bodies mechanical response and its physical effects, it can be nauseating, debilitating and somehow spiritual. Few are able to anticipate Syncopy, despite it’s consistent onset. Difficulty to perceive onset is the hardest element to describe in this process. It can start from even small injuries, as anxiety over bodily damage whittles away from the fleeting endorphin high protecting you from pain. As heart rate increases and thoughts race the stomach lashes out for attention, unleashing an unyielding wave of nausea. If lucky, this will distract one from their anxious thoughts and enable the you to sink back into a calm rhythm and mend your wounds in state.
	
Consider you’re not that lucky, eventually the nausea dances with more anxiety. Going into shock is extremely debilitating on the psyche. You unknowingly hobble around with the complexion of a vampire, skin damp and cool sinking into a shade of mucous. Feeling in your legs has begun to fade, and thankfully feel more substantial than the upper arms. Any obstacle imposes as much doubt as an ostracizing bouncer. ‘Why is the room so dark, I never noticed how long the light trails of shiny objects say in my vision, I cant see the floor, my hands?!’ The blackness comes first from the edges of one’s vision, originating from a subtle yet high pitched ringing of the ears. The ringing grows louder; as your state of consciousness is swept way on the wings of the ringing. The senses and feeling of your actual setting fade into the distance just as quickly as they are forgotten. Disassociation is a very warm black room who's walls have no ending and is most certainly spherical.
	
	Lets be conservative, and round down. 90% of people will go on to say they immediately woke up on the ground. This very much because these people either did not recall or ignored the brief state when the mind is awake and trying to reconnect with it’s assigned body. Few people accept that time is just a percieved notion. We grow addicted to time,  as it is imposed by our surroundings. However, when unconscious the brain can break this psychosis. It will very efficiently perceive time more slowly, lengthening the time in this dark room. It could be moments, or years, and very similar to a dream. In this state you have forgotten about your pain, and probably only are aware of your breath. You teach yourself again how to stand up and walk, and attempt to navigate the darkness chasing small glowing light. In this room, motion is usually disorienting, your eyes are drunk and your body nimble. Coming close to these lights yield familiar people and objects mostly painted from memory. If the state is long and more stable, you will have the misfortune of seeing this isn’t a black room, but a veil over your vision. Everything starts to get blurry, you look around anxiously to see your body on the ground and run over to it. The closer you get the blurrier everything becomes.
	
	The fortunate experience a full circle ending, returning from that black veil into the light of the world above you. Arms and legs tingle, they feel cold from within as the air softly broils the surface of the skin. The nausea dwindles, resting over the core exhausted from it’s tantrums. Nothing is more feared than having to move one’s head and feel the sharp pressure at the spine of the brain. The chemical outburst at the end of the brain stem, writhing in the concussion of the chemical outburst inside. It is a blessing to have water and a supervisor to recover people from this experience, treating them for shock the tired heart can heave blood to a starving brain. The body is in withdrawl, not just from the endorphins that tried to save it but from reality, and physical passage of time. It is in these moments that most will sadly forget about a the potential spiritual experience they had. It is easy to become preoccupied with the nausea and the debilitating weight of their neglected muscles.
